l was born under the Star of Death.
No Soul-mate at the end
LoneIy forever and ever.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Strange that it is snowing in the South
lt's Iike in the opera’ snowing in June.
Hurry’ your father is Iooking for you.
We Chinese know respecting our teachers.
Master Pride is most skiIIed
and most virtuous.
We are fortunate that
he accept you as his pupil.
Yes’ sir.
Give it to him.
lt's cold. Put on your coat.
Thank you’ Mother.
This Red Sword is a heirIoom of
my father's famiIy.
l am giving it to you now. Take it.
And do weII in your training with Master.
Where do you think you're going? l'll show you.
l know it's you.
Come back here.
No place to hide
Don't’ l give up.
Stop. l was hit.
Looking out from roof this morning’
everything was white.
l've never seen that before. So beautifuI.
My mother says that it is strange.
Snowing in June is not a good omen.
l feel very strange about this’ too.
Master!
Be careful with my sword!
lt's my family's heirIoom.
Hero
Brother Shadow.
Don't caII me Brother tiII Master accepts you.
What does he mean?
Master.
Good’ Hero’ you did weII.
l am accepting you as a cIose disciple.
When we returned from Japan’
l will teach you "China Secret".
Thank you’ Master.
l...
Sheng’ it takes talent to train
in the martiaI arts.
You are not talented but if you work harder.
You wiII succeed after a few more practices.
Thank you Master’ Thank you.
Wang!
Father
"Author's responsibiIity for his own writings"
Mother
Your father wrote in the newspaper
about the social ills caused by...
Pirates
...foreigners selling opium.
They killed him for that.
The murderer is with the Trading Company...Peter.
Mother!
Mother’ Mother.
Mother.
Mr. Peter’ Do you know
How do we caII these fIower Iadies?
Hens! Chuck’ chuck!
Wrong. We caII them salty girIs.
Why? That means they are beautiful.
l can manage this pIace successfully’
because l know how to arrange
the Chinese to control the Chinese.
Many thanks to you idiot.
That's all for now. l want to pee.
-Who are you?
-Get out of here.
Get out.
Go to hell!
What's happened?
Who are you?
Hero.
Are you aIright?
l've just kiIIed someone.
You wiII be alright.
l'm most afraid of being away from you.
l will aIways be with you.
Jade
CIose your eyes’ make a wish.
What happened?
l received your wish
-My wish...
-Don't say it
or it won't come true.
Hurry’ hurry.
One-by-one.
Your name?
Hero Hua.
Your thumb-print here.
Hurry up to the boat. We are Ieaving soon.
To saiI now
Hero.
-Hero.
Sword’ after 20 days at the sea’
we're finally in America.
l think this must be the Statue of Liberty.
How do you know what it is?
Didn't you see me reading everyday?
l've read up on everything about America.
You've been here but l haven't’ Uncle.
Your mother thought it were
the Goddess of Mercy in China.
Will we find Father?
We'll see. Let's get a ride to
China House in Chinatown.
CarefuI’ careful.
This is caIIed a car. Don't be such bumpkin.
l'm so stupid! How couId l forgotten?
What is it’ UncIe?
lf you don't say it’ l won't give it to you.
Won't give me what’ UncIe?
Today is the first day of the Lunar’
Chinese new year.
Say "Kung Hei Fat Choy"
or l won't give you lucky money.
Kung Hei Fat Choy’ Uncle’ Kung Hei Fat Choy.
Wishing you good health and fine spirits.
Try being sincere.
l was joking.
l've always given you Iucky money
on the new year.
Here.
Thank you’ Uncle.
You've grown up. You must behave.
Yes’ Uncle.
Let's go.
Uncle’ l didn't know Caucasians
can pIay Iion-dance.
None of these people are Caucasians.
Those Iion dancers are all Chinese.
China House is up ahead.
Your mother and l stay there when we came.
Why can't l remember that?
You weren't born yet’ siIIy.
But it's certainly changed
a lot over the years.
Happy New Year to both of you gentlemen
WiII you be requiring a meaI or a room?
We're pIanning to stay’ but we need your help.
We are aII brothers in a foreign Iand.
We're all Chinese.
Feel free to ask for anything.
lf you are in trouble’
we China House wiII do our best to help.
Thank you.
l wonder if...
The boss here is still the man with short hair?
Noy any more. There is a new boss now.
He is Ieading the lion dance outside.
"Good men of China’ united in heart’
over the world"
"Great heroes’ one in courage’ in everywhere"
Excuse me’ excuse me.
HoId it! l don't wanna spoiI the mood since
this is Lunar new year.
Where is the damn monk?
What's are you taIking?
l am the boss of China House.
What can l do for you?
You have good skiIIs’ why don't we have
a competition some day?
You are always welcome.
l know he is inside’ he is the one
l am Iooking for.
This is a boarding house and restaurant.
lf you are Iooking for a monk’
l guess you shouId go to a tempIe.
You guys cover up each other mutually.
l know that he is there.
l am gonna to take him out.
We Chinese are peopIe of
courtesy and principIe.
lf you wish to enter’ fight me first.
lf you win’ pIease go ahead.
Okay’ it's the deaI.
WiId horses can't take back
a gentIeman's words.
Everyone’ today is Chinese new year.
Don't Iet the Caucasians spoil our mood.
l wish everyone good fortune. Give them out.
Thank you’ Boss.
Young man’ are you new here?
Yes’ l just arrived today.
Your eyesight is even greater
to defend themseIves
There are not many Chinese here’
we must be all united.
Who did you come with?
My uncIe’ UncIe Sheng.
Sword’ this is your father's oId friend’
Monk Luohan.
You know Luohan?
Yes sir.
l wonder if you have ever heard of a man...
Go on.
Hero Hua.
Hero Hua?
l am Sword Hua. Hero is my father.
l don't know him’ but l've heard
much about him.
And Luohan?
Come with me.
You are Sword?
Uncle Luohan.
Sword’ you Iook like him so much.
You have hero's eyes.
Do you know where my father is?
l've been looking for him for over 1 0 years.
l left China’ Iike your father’ 1 6 years ago.
We came by boat to work in America.
AImost one hundred people were
squeezed into a tiny hoIe.
With no freedom at all.
ls there any water? Give us water.
We're dying of thirst. Give us water.
Do you have water?
What's matter?
So loud?
Let us out for a walk’ please?
We are too hot. We are going to die.
Those foremen did not treat us as human.
They poured our food and water from the top.
We had no choice but to picked
the food up from the floor.
Your father and l ate not much.
l used to hunger.
After the peopIe sIept’ your father...
collected the grains of rice from the floor.
He was amzing.
He couId gather more than
half a bowl in this way.
Sometimes he even gets some protein.
You haven't eat in days.
l don't kill.
There are rice onIy.
l ate the cockroaches.
l remember we were in the ship for 37 days.
Because with every sunrise and sunset’
l made a mark on a board.
When we landed we were examined and de-loused.
l feIt we were Iess than pigs or dogs.
After the physical exam. and registration’
our group was herded onto a truck.
We didn't know where we wouId be taken to.
l just knew it couId be
a journey with no return.
Finally’ we were taken to a mine called
SteeI BuII Canyon.
Get to work.
Come on’ come on.
Quick’ hurry.
Life was harsh as a laborer.
Those businessmen didn't care
if we Iived or died.
Once’ some peopIe fainted from exhaustion.
But they didn't take them to a doctor.
They took them to a desert area
and left them for dead.
So we dared not compIain when we were iII.
My friendship with your father
was buiIt up from that time.
Payday! Come quickIy’ it's payday!
-Name?
-Luohan.
Make a fingerprint here.
Thank you.
Hero Hua.
Hero’ my husband’ you have been gone
for over 2 months.
l miss you very much.
That morning’ Sheng and l rushed to the pier.
But you had aIready left.
l cried all night’ l was so afraid that
l would never see you again.
l have to tell you one thing: l am pregnant.
Sheng and l are coming to America
to look for you.
You must wait for me.
Your ever-love wife’ Jade.
l beIieve our wish wiII come true.
A Ietter from home?
My wife is pregnant.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
This is ridiculous!
You even took 2 cents off for the egg
from Mr. Charlie.
You said it was a treat. l'm not making
my thumb-print.
Then l can sue you for breach of contract.
You are taking advantages from us.
We'll fight you!
You are inhuman. We're going on
strike tomorrow.
We're protesting’ we're protesting.
You see!
This is what happens if you don't obey.
We must bury the body or it wiII rot.
SiIent protest cannot Iast Iong.
The workers had an harder time
after that incident.
You've read that Ietter so many times.
Aren't you bored?
You're a monk. What do you know about Iove?
And you do?
Listen to the wolves outside.
Those two men were not kiIIed by ghosts
but by a human seeking revenge.
From now on’ l have hired Caucasian foremen.
ln addition’ you will now also be
Ieg-ironed in group of six.
l know who kiIIed them.
lt's Hero Hua. Arrest him.
Your father was suspected of the
murders of the foremen.
Life became even more miserable for him.
Even though l had not known
your father for Iong.
We had suffered together as Iabours in America.
Also’ l admired his sense of righteousness.
lt made me proud to have such a friend.
So l decided to risk my Iife to free him out.
But that night’ someone else
wanted to free him and to take him away.
Hero’ How are you? Have some water.
Luohan’ get out of here.
You once asked why l became a monk
and stiII became a labour.
lt was to avoid a Iove relationship.
Do you beIieve me?
So you are a god of Iove.
Right. lt is because of one girl.
l have to go away to avoid her.
Just a little Ionger.
What are you doing?
Hero’ Master told me to rescue you.
You go ahead.
Everybody up!
What are you doing? What's going on?
l have not seen your father since that night.
Later l found out his rescuer was Shadow.
EIdest disciple of Pride.
Luohan told me about your father's days
as a laborer.
But l had never heard your father
mentioned it before.
Why didn't father go back to China...
to you and mother?
Your mother and l came to America
to Iook for him.
Your mother was aIready four months pregnant.
WeIcome to America.
Are you Chinese?
-Yes
-Where do you want to go?
We're Iooking for a place to stay.
Somewhere cheap and good?
No probIem. This way please.
Please.
Be carefuI.
Thank you.
Look at the peopIe with
red hair and green eyes.
l've seen them in China. Don't worry.
l think America is very big’
and the buiIdings are taII.
When l got off our ship l saw
that huge Goddess of Mercy.
What Goddess of Mercy?
The one with the firebrand’ as big as a hill.
That's the Statue of Liberty’ Madam.
Shut up and puII your rickshaw.
l made a wish to the Goddess of Mercy.
l know l can find Hero on this trip.
This is China House. You can dine
and take rooms here.
You don't have to speak English’
it is Chinese-owned.
PIease go upstair.
CarefuI.
Your mother and l traveIed for
40 days to come to
America to Iook for your father.
AII l had on me was the address of the mine.
Fortunately’ there weren't many Chinese around.
So l used the most-simpIe method of
asking everyone.
SteeI BuII Cayon is far from here.
2 days or more by train.
Are there many Chinese laborers there?
Yes’ aImost aII of them.
But they Iead a very hard Iife’ aImost inhuman.
Do you have a reIative there?
My husband.
lt has been 4 months.
Can you please help me ask around
for a man named Hero Hua?
Hero Hua?
You sound so excited’ you must know him.
Hero Hua is your hubby?
What is "hubby"?
Husband’ the man you married to.
lt Iooks Iike you came in vain.
l don't understand.
Wait. Let me show you something.
Hero!
Not so loud. Caucasians here
understand Chinese.
What happened to Hero?
He killed someone in the mine.
The Caucasians are Iooking for him’
with a reward of USD1 000.
How is he now?
We Chinese heIp each other.
So l didn't post up this poster.
Take it easy.
Take us to the Association.
Are you Iooking for a job?
Just go where you're told.
lt's hard to find a job in these days.
l'll beat you if you talk again.
We're looking for someone.
This way’ please.
-Careful.
Excuse me’ Sir.
What's up?
Have you seen this man?
No.
l went out looking with your mother every day.
No matter the weather or time.
We had neither family nor friends here.
Finding your father...
was our only hope.
lt's raining outside. Where are you going?
l heard there is a town in north side.
With many Chinese laborers.
l want to go there and see.
You're pregnant and should not go.
Watch where you're going!
PIease take me to York Town in the north.
Why are you standing there?
l'm going to beat you up.
Hero! lt's Hero. Hero!
Hero
l miss you so much.
l've searched all over for you.
After your father received
your mother's letter’
he stayed in America’ pulling rickshaws.
He waited by the pier every day
for the new comers.
He hoped to pick up your mother one day.
Unfortunately’ we seemed to be
part of a bad joke.
We never saw each other until day.
Strange’ there are two heartbeats.
One is mine and the other is the baby's’ siIIy.
lt seems that it's kicking me right here.
PIease take me out for a waIk.
Sure.
-lt's kicking me again.
-Tired?
Let's take a break here.
ls our chiId tired? Let me listen to.
Do you remember the night before you left’
l made a wish?
lt reaIIy did come true.
l suspect you have...
What is it? Doctor?
Twins. CongratuIations.
Let me give you a tonic.
Ready? Don't move. lt wiII be okay soon.
Okay’ thank you.
Sheng’ come over here.
No’ not for me.
-Together.
-l reaIIy don't want to.
One’ Two’ Three!
Sword’ did you know that this was
my first picture taken.
This is the studio.
l refused to be shot
because it is said that the camera wiII
flash your soul out of your body.
But your parents insisted to let me join.
Do you still have the picture?
No’ silly boy’ it has been so Iong time ago.
The studio was closed.
l feel strange’ like an evil spirit
foIIowing me
since l've been to the cemetry.
What shall we do’ UncIe Sheng?
Exorcize it’ for sure.
My thoughts exactIy.
Don't.
Who are you?
Who are you? You have followed us
for so many days.
Uncle Sheng’ Brother Sword.
Brother? How are we reIated?
l think you are the right person’ l am Kate.
Father wants me to bring you to him.
Who is your father?
His name is Shadow.
Brother Shadow.
ls it reaIIy you’ Sheng?
Greet UncIe Shadow’
your father's martial arts brother.
He saw you when you were born.
UncIe Shadow.
See? l toId you we are related’ Brother Sword.
Kate’ behave yourself.
Let me take a good Iook at you.
Hero's son has great martiaI arts potentiaI.
Brother Shadow’ why are you here?
The reunion of Hero and Jade brought them
the happiest time of their lives.
But this happiness...
is short.
Your Christmas gift.
Thank you.
My master ordered me to rescue Hero
from the mine.
He stayed in Chinatown’ waiting for his wife.
That Christmas’ l found him in China House.
Master was being chaIIenged by
his martial arts brother.
l think that Hero could heIp master.
l want 3 rooms. Two of which
must be joined together.
the third one must be big enough for 3 peopIe’
and far away from the first 2 rooms.
l'II try to arrange.
Don't just try to. You must make it!
You three share the big room.
Mu and l wiII each take one.
Why do you have a room for each
but we have to share one?
l know’ Jin wants to be cIose to Mu in private.
Do as l said. No comments
or questions from you.
Here’ sir.
Two in the east wing and one in the west wing.
Far enough?
Those are Japanese ninjas.
What do they have to do with me?
They are here for the news of Master.
When you have found this man’
we'll meet in her room.
Pride has two disciples indeed.
One is Shadow and the other one is Hero Hua.
Shadow is difficult to Iocate.
l had Hero Hua in my hands at one time.
But he kiIIed someone in the mine
and is now fugitive.
Steel Bull Cayon has a price for his head.
But l know where he is aIready.
So why don't you tell them?
They are offering $1 000 onIy.
lf l teII you’ Jin’ this information’
l think my reward wiII be higher than that.
My master orders me to find
Pride and his diciples.
Bigot’ get to the point’ name your price.
lt is better doing business with the Japanese.
Those Caucasians are so stupid.
lf l were Hero’ l wouId either return to China
or hide here in Chinatown.
Hero Hwa has hidden in China House
for a month aIready.
Shadow’ don't move.
All you need is to ready the reward money.
l'II Iet you know my further instructions soon.
Bye.
-Bye.
Use Chinese to control Chinese.
With a traitor like Bigot’
l am abIe to find out Hero Hwa.
Fire’ Water and Earth’ return to your room.
Yes.
l need to taIk to Mu.
Mu’ Master has promised me that
we can get married after we
finished this business.
Who agree to marry you?
ln these years’ don't you know
how l feeI about you?
Then you should also know how l feeI about you.
lf that is aII’ please go.
l may not lose to you in fight.
We decide to foIIow those
Japanese the next day.
But they had all disappeared.
l am sorry.
Can she be saved as she has
Iost a lot of bIood?
You came here on time lucky’
there is no internal damage.
She'II be alright. Don't worry.
Doctor’ please take care of her.
Since Hero injured Mu’
a strange feeIing has been developed.
Look’ it's so romantic’ just Iike you and me...
You showed mercy as soon as
you knew l am a girI.
lt would be more romantic
to carry you to the doctor.
Our fight with the ninjas was
just the beginning.
But Hero didn't expect that
sparing Mu wouId bring him much more trouble.
Sword’ do you know why l never got married?
You can't hide from your destiny.
We failed because we
underestimated their abiIities.
Especially Hero.
l am fortunate to be keeping aIive.
l wish to return to Japan.
Mu...
This is yours.
Thank you.
l just came to see you anyway.
How do you know l am staying here?
How are your injuries?
l am much better.
Where is your wife?
She is sIeeping.
Why are you doing this to me?
l heard you pIaying your fIute.
Are you homesick?
You are not Hero Hwa. You tricked me with
your shift-face.
l did this out of despearation.
You know how much l Iove you.
Why can't you accept me?
l must take you today’ no matter how.
What are you doing?
l'II kill myself if you waIk
one more step closer.
Why him? Why Hero Hua?
He's onIy a Chinese’
and he's a dicipIe of Pride.
Why did you choose him?
You are nothing Iike him.
We return to Japan tomorrow.
We are not as shameIess as you.
Agter Hero left the mine’ he was still
concerning about the situation of
Steel Bull Cayon.
We decided to seek Bigot.
HonestIy’ we were not worried about...
how the ninjas look for Master Pride.
We just want the information of
Steel Bull Cayon.
We are Chinese’ we must heIp each other.
PIease Iet me go if there are
anything l can do.
ls it good?
What is it?
-What is it?
-Very pain.
The baby is about to be born.
CaII the midwife quickIy’ quick!
l'll go.
Let me heIp you. Be careful.
Mrs. Hua’ relax’ don't worry.
-You'II be alright.
-Where's Hero?
Hero? l'll go get him.
You men’ out’ out!
Get out now.
Alright’ Mrs. Hua’ you'll feel better soon.
Hero’ Hero.
-What's is it?
-You just come in time.
Jade is giving birth.
Congratulations.
Mrs. Hua’ push’ harder...
Hero’ men cannot go in yet. Please wait here.
-lt's born’ it's born.
-lt's born
ls it a boy or a girl?
A boy would be better’ don't you agree?
Hero
-You're a father again.
-Yes.
Twins. How wonderful!
Don't worry. lt's alright.
Are you aIright? Can l help?
None of your business
Don't worry’ l'm fine.
Oh’ no! Boss’ there is a fire!
-Fire.
-Fire...Fire
CongratuIations’ Mr. Hua. You have twins.
Jade.
A boy and a girI.
Fire! Everyone get up! There is a fire!
Don't take your stuff. Get out now. Hurry!
Mr. Hua’ this is your daughter.
Mrs. Hua Iost a lot of bIood.
Jade’ don't worry’ you'II be fine.
The fire is coming.
Midwife’
-take the child and go.
-How's Mrs. Hua
You hurry’ too.
Hero’ carry your wife’ hurry!
Sheng.
CarefuI! Here’ hurry.
Hero.
Get out.
Give her to me.
-What do you mean?
-Don't come cIoser.
What do you want?
And you’ stay away!
Any cIoser and l'll kiII her.
Don't! She is my daughter. Give her back to me.
Put down the child. Put down the chiId.
My daughter! Hero’ rescue our daughter!
With this fire’ l want Hero Hua
and China House gone forever!
l knew that it was you.
Jade! Jade!
Hero’ our daughter...
Don't worry’ l'll get her back.
Remember’ we'll spend next Christmas
with our chiIdren.
Hero! Hero!
Trust me.
They are fine. The baby is just fine.
lt's Hero! He's coming out!
What is it’ Hero?
Jade! Jade!
Jade!
l promised to save our daughter.
This oId man is a fortune teIIer.
His name is Ming.
What he told Hero
influenced Hero for the rest of his life.
The star of death rules your life.
Your birth chart is different from others.
When you were born’ the death was in the air.
Before you were 1 8’ your life was ordinary.
After 1 8’ if your parents are still aIive’
they must be dies of unnatural causes’ right?
You are destined to be alone and childIess.
Your family and your friends will
come to a bad end
because you were born under the star of death.
Even though my wife has died’
she gave birth to twins.
When can we reunite?
Better not to!
Why?
You and your daughter have crossed signs.
You can never survive together.
My fate is in my hands’ l wiII find a way.
Unless you die.
Sheng’
bring Sword back to our homeland.
And you?
l have something to do with Shadow.
Hero’ Do you reaIIy believe
that you are the star of death?
Hero went to Japan with me’
in time to attend our master's duel.
The brother’ lnvincible’ is a fanatic.
lt was over the secret move China Secret
that these martiaI arts brothers were dueling.
At that time’ we did not know
that the fire of China House
was set by Jin.
Otherwise’ Hero wouId certainIy
have sought revenge.
Senior brother
"China Secret" is the essence of
our schooI of swordsmanship.
Master said it would be taught to aII of us.
You are the senior pupiI’
but not his onIy student.
l hope you will release it.
lnvincible’
l returned to Japan
to receive Ieadership of our school
from our master’
including the China Secret.
Our ruIes say: "China Secret" must be
kept by the school leader.
So’ your request is rejected.
Master should not Iet you
to receive the Ieadership.
You're even not a Japanese.
Master.
lnvincible’ your swordpIay is unremarkable.
Do you know why you lose?
lt is because you have
distractions in your heart.
Go home’ be a good husband and good father.
You are not a martiaI artist.
Katanaka Fuji’ we wiII fight again.
We wiII bot. lt's obvious who won today.
Go home and practice.
l may not fight with you’ but my pupiIs wiII.
Master.
Hero’ fate has made you my pupil.
l am going to teach you "China Secret".
lnvincible is fanatic about martial power.
l don't want him to know "China Secret".
Yes’ Master.
Master.
Our Master was Iost actuaIIy.
His internal injuries kill him in a month.
Hero truIy believed that
he was the star of death.
He felt that Master was died because of him
so he Ieft without a word
and took the "China Secret" with him.
Since that’ l have never heard from him.
Later’ l returned to America
and met a girl who would marry me.
We have a daughter.
l couId not imagine seeing Hero's son again.
Ladies and gentlemen’ aII of us at China House
wiII try our best to bring Hero Hua back.
How do you feeI after hearing
all these stories?
l wanna more than ever to see Father.
lt seems that you are a good bastard.
You are responsible to controI
those Chinese Iabour.
No problem’ no problem.
l hope one day!
l must kick those guys out of this district.
Those Chinese are useless’
like a tub of loose sand.
They onIy know fake virtues and justice.
Look! "Happiness and Fortunes"’
Full of Customers.
There wiII be a Chinese opera here tomorrow.
lt's very good.
Let's go.
Tomorrow is the Iantern FestivaI.
EspeciaIIy meaningfuI to the Chinese
in foreign lands.
At this time’ l think of
my suffering countrymen.
The Iabourers at SteeI BuII Canyon.
Luohan’ tell everyone.
For 20 years’ that mine has been
a heII for we Chinese.
Especially the new boss’ Commander Dragon.
He is a member of the extremeIy racist
Ku KIux Klan.
The miners are suffering more and more.
Luohan escaped from there.
He has a lot of information on
SteeI BuII Canyon.
l want to combine aII the forces in China House
and go into SteeI BuII Cayon tomorrow
to rescue our countrymen.
Have you delivered the buns?
Yes’ we did it.
Where is your father’ Commander Dragon?
My father has been to Geogria.
What are those monkeys means?
This is Chinese opera.
Chinese women performing Kung Fu.
Kung Fu? That doesn't Iike.
"Watch out for a sign during the opera."
Sword’ that man Iooks famiIiar.
l remembered. He's Bigot’ the man who
kidnapped your sister.
Damn you
Come on
Keep going.
Hurry’ into the trucks.
Where is my sister?
What sister? l don't understand.
Sword’ he is the traitor who
sold out the Chinese!
You're still using swords in this era?
l worked with the Cascasians
to kill your grandparents.
l'm destined to kill 3 generations of Hua's.
Hero.
Where is my daughter?
Hero Hua’ how are you recently?
l was just pIaying with those kids.
l will soon take over this place.
lf you work with me’ you can even
have a dozen of girls
but not only one!
Luohan.
Hero’
after aII these years’ we meet here again.
Don't taIk.
Hero
Luohan.
Father.
My Father.
Before l came to America’
Uncle Sheng often told me about you.
After l have arrived’ Luohan’ Shadow...
everyone described you in great detail.
l aIready had an image of you.
But when l saw you’ you don't like that at all.
You feel disappointed?
What did l do wrong?
l lost you and Mother at my birth.
l am so envious when l see other kids.
They have parents to Iove them.
l have dreamed so many times of you and Mother.
l reaIIy hope to see you both.
Sword.
Why don't you accept me?
Sorry’ l was born under the Star of Death.
Everyone around me will come to a bad end.
l don't beIieve that’ and neither should you.
What is your mother Iook like in your dream?
She loves me’ and she's pretty.
Look Iike her?
l took this photograph with your mother
before your birth.
Keep it with you.
You've grown up.
Father’ Father.
You're still foIIowing me after so long time.
l can't make this wish come true without you.
l know that you wiII never forget your wife.
lf you know how painful it is to miss someone’
you should know how l feIt those 1 6 years.
l came to tell you...
My Master and martial arts brothers
have come to America.
To duel with you.
They destroyed my mine and did this to my son
l want those Chinese pigs to pay’
do you hear me?
Commander Dragon’ to go against the Chinese
There are 2 ways
What two ways?
Soft’ and hard
l have invited my Master here on your behaIf
As to Chinatown and China House’
with your presence
And the support of the Ku KIux Klan
l know the Chinese wiII be
unable to defend themselves
Good!
Hero Hua.
lnvincibIe’ this is Chinatown’ behave!
Tell the shrinking turtIe Hero to come out!
Hero Hua left Iast month. He will not be back.
l will never Ieave China House in peace.
The LimitIess Ocean!
Hero Hua’ you finally show up.
Brother Hua.
l don't want to hurt the innocents.
Let's find a place.
AIright.
Father.
Red Sword.
My oId friend’ it has been a long time.
Father.
The battIe today is not onIy for
the name of Master Pride’
it's also about the honour of all Chinese.
Father’ you must win.
Must a victor emerge in today's battle?
Yes’ it's your death or mine.
lnvincibIe’ do you know why
my hair turned white’
and even refused to see my son...
or my friends’ people who
have loved me for 1 6 years.
lts for practice the "China Secret"
that my master taught me
l will do my best’ its for our honour.
So you are the lowlife scum that injured my son
lt's your son's own uselessness
lf you don't compensate me
l'm going to lay waste to your dear Chinatown
Besides’ l've got the permission
from the State Government
to lay this filthy Chinatown fIat
You racists take advantage of us Chinese
Can we tolerate this?
-No’ we must fight.
-Fight!
Goddamn Chinese!
Hurry inside
Fire!
Come in’ quickly
Thank you
CarefuI!
Now teII these Chinese bastards to get out
Get out! Get out!
Get out!
Stop! Now hold it!
You dare bring the KIan in here’
stirring up trouble
This is America
lt's the country of freedom
because we respect human rights
l've reported your action
to the State Government
And they wiII investigate carefuIIy
Now take your thugs and get out of here
What if we don't want to get out?
You may have the KIan
But l have the peopIe and the poIice force
Now get out!
We go’ for now
Go
Thank you for your help
You're weIcome. ActuaIIy’ l'm onIy doing my job
Everyone is equaI in the
United States of America’ right? Right
Regardless of race
For this duel’ l make myself bIind.
l killed my wife and kids.
Now l have no more distractions.
lnvincible’ because of that’
you think you wiII win!
Have you ever thought about
what you are winning for?
l have turned my suppressed
thoughts into strength.
l wiII defeat you’ for my son
and everyone l love.
Cause l have to Iive for them.
Hero Hua’ you are destined to lose to me.
No’ l have destiny in my own hands.
OId pal.
China Secret.
lnvincible’ you despise love’
therefore you lost.
-Goodbye’ goodbye.
-Take care of yourselves.
-PIease take care of yourseIves everyone.
-Goodbye
Goodbye.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm